SNOW-594137: Bumped up PythonConnector PATCH version from 2.7.7 to 2.… (#1152)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

- v2.7.8(May 28,2022)

>    - Update PyPi documentation link to python specific main page 

Reviewer: Please be consistent with tense (Update, Fixed)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Updated PyPi documentation link to python specific main page 
```

   - Fixed an error message that appears when pandas optional dependency group is required but is not installed

>    - Implemented callproc method from DB API 2

Reviewer: Implemented the DB API 2 callproc method [should callproc by callproc() to reflect it is a method?]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Implemented the DB API 2 callproc() method
```

   - Fixed a bug where decryption took place before decompression when downloading files from stages

>    - Fixed a bug where we handled s3 accelerate configuration incorrectly 

Reviewer: Avoid "we"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Fixed a bug where s3 accelerate configuration was handled incorrectly 
```

>    - Executemany now passes extra named-arguments to execute

Reviewer: Is Executemany really supposed to be one word? Why is named-arguments hyphenated?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Extra named arguments given executemany() are now forwarded to execute()
```

>    - Application name now gets set to streamlit if streamlit is imported and application name was not explicitly set

Reviewer: Automatically sets the application name to streamlit when ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Automatically sets the application name to streamlit when streamlit is imported and application name was not explicitly set
```

>    - Bumped pyopenssl dependency version

Reviewer: to what version?

Reviewer 2: `>=16.2.0,<23.0.0`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Bumped pyopenssl dependency version to >=16.2.0,<23.0.0
```
